Adding devEmail field to pack metadata - documentation (#610)
demisto/content-docs: docs/packs/packs-format.md

| dependencies | Dictionary | (Optional) An object that describes the content packs that the pack is dependant on. Should be kept empty on pack creation, as it is calculated by Cortex XSOAR content infrastructure. |
| displayedImages | List | (Optional) Images to be displayed in Cortex XSOAR marketplace. Should be kept empty on pack creation, as it is calculated by Cortex XSOAR content infrastructure. |
| githubUser | List | (Optional) List of Github usernames to receive notification in the PR in case pack files were modified. |

> | devEmail | String | (Optional) Email of developer, in order to receive notification in case contributed pack files were modified. |

Reviewer: Should be list type
```suggestion
| devEmail | List | (Optional) List of emails, to receive notification in case contributed pack files were modified. |
```
